Meal Prepped Protein Pancakes
Meal Prepped Protein Pancakes made using a blend of whey and casein proteins with oat flour. These are great when batched prepped and stored in the freezer for an easy breakfast or snack in minutes. Top them with berries, chocolate chips, or eat them plain.
PREP TIME
15 Minutes
COOK TIME
1 Hour
PER SERVING – MAKES 35
77 Calories
7.9g C | 10.3g P | 0.5g F
How to Make Meal Prepped Protein Pancakes
MEAL PREPPED PROTEIN PANCAKES
5 from 1 vote
COURSE:Breakfast, Dessert, Snack
CUISINE:American
KEYWORD:Dessert, gluten free, under 10 ingredients, under 500 calories
PREP TIME: 15MINUTES MINUTESCOOK TIME: 1HOUR HOURTOTAL TIME: 1HOUR HOUR 15MINUTES MINUTES SERVINGS:
35
 PANCAKES CALORIES: 77KCAL
Meal Prepped Protein Pancakes made using a blend of whey and casein proteins with oat flour. These are great when batched prepped and stored in the freezer for an easy breakfast or snack in minutes. Top them with berries, chocolate chips, or eat them plain.
Print Recipe  Pin Recipe
INGREDIENTS
4 scoops (125 g) vanilla whey protein
4 scoops (125 g) vanilla casein protein
1⅔ cups (200 g) oat flour
¾ cup (100 g) cornstarch or tapioca flour
1½ tsp (6 g) baking powder
1 tsp (4 g) baking soda
2½ cups (600 g) liquid egg whitesor whole eggs, just match the weights
3⅓ cups (750 g) plain nonfat Greek yogurt
1 cup (240 g) water
INSTRUCTIONS
Mix all the dry ingredients together so no clumps are present. NOTE: I have tested this with only whey protein and it doesn't turn out. Only casein will work but you may need more water in the batter. The 50/50 blend of protein is best.
Add in the wet ingredients and mix thoroughly. The amount of water required may be variable depending on the protein you use. You need the batter to be pourable but not too watery. Let the batter sit for 10-15 minutes to thicken up a bit for fluffier pancakes.
Heat your griddle or skillet over medium heat and spray with oil. Add the batter and cook for a 2-3 minutes each side or until browned and set.
Continue working your way through the batter until all of it has been used up and your pancakes are cooked. As your pancakes come out of the skillet, allow them to cool on a wire lined sheet pan.
STORAGE
Once all of your pancakes have cooked and cooled to room temperature. Align them on your sheet pan and place them into the freezer uncovered until they have frozen solid.
Transfer the pancakes to the Zwilling Fresh & Save zip top bags and use the vacuum pump to remove the air. If you try to vacuum seal the pancakes before they have frozen solid, they will get smushed. If you don't plan to vacuum seal, you don't need to flash freeze them.
I was able to make 35 individual pancakes from this recipe. The nutritional information is per each pancake with no toppings.
REHEATING
You can reheat these pancake in the microwave or even the toaster.
NUTRITION
Calories: 77kcal | Carbohydrates: 7.9g | Protein: 10.3g | Fat: 0.5g
NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PROTEIN PANCAKES
The information in the following table are estimates for the total nutrition of the recipe, as written. Input the number of pancakes you yielded to determine the nutritional estimates for your personal pancakes. I made 35 so I would input 35 into the first cell. If you follow the recipe listed above, as written, you can use these tables to determine the nutrition information if you wanted to split the recipe, as written, into more or less servings than what is originally listed.  If you update the number of servings in the “Servings” field of the recipe above, the information in these tables are no longer accurate as you have updated the ingredients.
SERVINGS
1
CARBS
276.9g
PROTEIN
359.3g
FAT
18.6g
CALORIES
2712 cals